{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20500\viewh17500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 ChExMix locations (Peaks from 190711 UMAP analysis)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 ChExMix version 0.31 was run with the following non-default parameters: --noread2 --scalewin 1000 --minmodelupdateevents 50 --fixedalpha 0 --mememinw 8 --mememaxw 21 --minmodelupdaterefs 25 --lenientplus. We also used the --excludebed option to exclude analysis of a custom set of blacklist regions that included the rDNA locus, tRNA genes, and telomere regions (This list is available on GitHub: ChexMix_Peak_Filter_List_190612.bed). By default, ChExMix requires the tag count at binding events to achieve at least 1.5 fold enrichment and a minimum Benjamini-Hochberg corrected p-value of 0.01 (Binomial), compared with the scaled \'93masterNoTag_20180928\'94 negative control count. All experiments for a given protein target were analyzed by ChExMix individually. The resulting peak calls for each individual replicate experiment can be found at yeastepigenome.org or GEO. In addition, the --lenientplus option enables a multi-replicate reproducibility assessment mode in ChExMix. Using this feature, replicate experiments passing Quality Control were analyzed simultaneously, and the resulting joint peak calls were used to classify Pol II features (see 
\f2\i \cf2 Pol II Promoter Classes
\f1\i0 \cf0 , below). Locations are defined as ChExMix peaks if their tag counts pass the thresholds in the combined meta-experiment (essentially merging tag counts across replicates), or in one or more individual replicate experiments. However, binding events (insert location) are only reported if the NCIS-scaled tag counts did not vary significantly across replicates (Binomial, 1.5 fold, p<0.01). This latter condition has the effect of screening out binding events that are not reproducibly enriched across replicated experiments.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The negative control for ChExMix peak calling, termed \'93masterNoTag_20180928\'94, was created by merging 15 individual BY4741 (background strain) ChIP experiments into a single BAM file. These negative controls were generated over an 18-month period during the main phase of data collection. The file \'93masterNoTag_20180928.bam\'94 is comprised of the following SampleIDs: 11851, 11946, 12094, 12880, 13484, 13822, 14202, 14408, 14637, 14825, 15256, 15818, 16073, 17814, and 18504 and is available at yeastepigenome.org.
\f2\i \cf2 \
}